Amp 94508/udpate ios migration docs (#212)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/ios-swift/migration.md

Existing [maintenance SDK](../../ios) data (events, user/device ID) are moved to the latest SDK by default. It can be disabled by setting `migrateLegacyData` to `false` in the [Configuration](../#configuration).

> For macos apps that are not sandboxed, data from the legacy SDK will not be migrated. [Here's](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/app_sandbox/protecting_user_data_with_app_sandbox#4098972) how you can know if your macos app is sandboxed or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your macOS app isn't sandboxed, data from the legacy SDK won't migrate. For more information about sandboxing, and how to know if your app is sandboxed, see Apple's article [Protecting user data with App Sandbox](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/app_sandbox/protecting_user_data_with_app_sandbox#4098972).
```
